OSDOCS-16988-f:  CQA work for INSTALL-1: Core Installation Concepts an (#114628)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-special-config-raid-intel-vroc.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="installation-special-config-raid-intel-vroc_{context}"]
= Configuring an Intel(R) Virtual RAID on CPU (VROC) data volume

[role="_abstract"]

> Intel(R) VROC is a type of hybrid RAID, where some of the maintenance is offloaded to the hardware, but appears as software RAID to the operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide your cluster local storage with near-bare-metal NVMe performance and hardware-level redundancy without taxing the host CPU, you can configure an Intel(R) VROC data volume. This ensures that RHCOS recognizes the RAID array immediately upon boot.

An Intel(R) Virtual RAID is a type of hybrid RAID, in which some of the maintenance is offloaded to the hardware, but the appears as software RAID to the operating system.
```
I am sure RHCOS has an attribute, please use it.

Author: I'm unsure where you go this abstract but I cannot find RHCOS mentioned in the module.

[source,terminal]
----
$ mdadm -CR /dev/md/imsm0 -e \
  imsm -n2 /dev/nvme0n1 /dev/nvme1n1
----
+

> ** The RAID device names. In this example, there are two devices listed. If you provide more than two device names, you must adjust the `-n` flag. For example, listing three devices would use the flag `-n3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RAID device names. In this example, there are two devices listed. If you provide more than two device names, you must adjust the `-n` flag. For example, listing three devices would use the flag `-n3`.
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
